src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:39:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:39:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:39:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:39:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedWatcher
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedWatcher
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:52:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'SetCurrentProcessExplicitAppUserModelID(WString)'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:52:	UnusedPrivateMethod:	UnusedPrivateMethod: Avoid unused private methods such as 'SetCurrentProcessExplicitAppUserModelID(WString)'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:55:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:55:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:71:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewGUI' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:77:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'viewGUI' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:87:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:87:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:90:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:90:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:92:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:92:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:98:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:98:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'todoFileDir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'todoFileDir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:118:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:118:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'todoFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'todoFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doneFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doneFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:141:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:141:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileModifiedListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileModifiedListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:144:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:144:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileModifiedListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileModifiedListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:171:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lib' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lib' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'function' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'function' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'args' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:180:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:182:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:182:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:183:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:183:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:183:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'Error' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:183:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'Error' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'original' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'original' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:192:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:193:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:193:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:194:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:194:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:195:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:195:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:196:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/Jdotxt.java:196:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:46:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=51, ATFD=204, TCC=19.088%)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:46:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=51, ATFD=204, TCC=19.088%)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:46:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 39).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:46:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 39).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:46:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:46:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:49:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:49:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:50:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:50:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:53:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:53:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:59:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:59:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:60:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:60:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:61:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:61:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:85:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:85:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'LinkedList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:88:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filterPrios' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:88:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filterPrios' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:88:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:88:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:88:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:88:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:89:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:89:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:92:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:92:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:95:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like reloadDialogVisible
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:95:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like reloadDialogVisible
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:95:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unresolvedFileModification
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:95:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like unresolvedFileModification
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:101:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'reset' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:101:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'reset' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:104:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:104:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:104:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:104:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:104:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'initGUI()' has an NPath complexity of 103680, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:104:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'initGUI()' has an NPath complexity of 103680, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:104:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'initGUI()' has a NCSS line count of 66.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:104:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'initGUI()' has a NCSS line count of 66.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:119:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:119:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:119:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:119:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:120:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:120:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:120:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:120:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:121:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:121:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:122:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:122:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:126:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:126:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:126:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:126:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:130:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:137:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:142:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:142:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:143:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:143:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:147:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:150:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:151:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:151:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:151:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:152:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:152:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:153:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:153:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:153:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:153:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:158:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:158:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:159:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:159:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:159:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:159:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:159:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:165:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:165:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:166:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:168:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:168:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:169:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:169:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:172:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:176:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:176:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:177:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "dataDir" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 177
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:177:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "dataDir" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 177
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:177:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'old' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:177:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'old' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:179:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:179:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:179:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'chooser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'chooser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'returnVal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'returnVal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:184:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:184:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:188:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:189:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:189:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:191:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:191:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:201:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:201:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:202:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:202:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:205:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:205:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:207:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:207:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:208:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:209:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:209:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:209:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:215:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:215:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toggle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toggle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:216:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:217:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:217:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:223:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:223:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:223:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toggle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:223:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toggle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:225:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:225:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:232:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:232:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:232:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toggle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toggle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:233:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:234:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:234:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:241:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:241:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:241:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toggle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:241:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toggle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:242:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "prependMetadata" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 242
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:242:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "prependMetadata" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 242
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:243:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:243:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:258:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:258:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:258:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:259:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:259:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:259:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:259:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:259:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:259:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:263:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "autosave" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 263
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:263:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "autosave" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 263
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:263:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:263:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:263:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:270:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:274:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:274:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:275:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myMouseWheelListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:275:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myMouseWheelListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:275:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like myMouseWheelListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:275:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like myMouseWheelListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:276:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:276:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:276:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:288:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:288:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:288:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:288:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:290:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dimension' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:290:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dimension' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:291:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:291:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:291:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:291:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:292:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:292:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:292:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:292:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:292:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:293:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:294:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:299:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:299:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'windowOpened(WindowEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:299:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'windowOpened(WindowEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:299:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:299:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:300:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:300:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:301:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:301:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:307:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:307:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'windowClosing(WindowEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:307:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'windowClosing(WindowEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:307:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:307:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:309:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:309:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:310:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:310:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:313:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:313:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:317:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:317:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:318:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:319:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:320:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:321:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:323:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:323:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:324:	DoNotTerminateVM:	DoNotTerminateVM: System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:324:	DoNotTerminateVM:	DoNotTerminateVM: System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:333:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:333:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:342:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:342:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:346:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions:	SimplifyBooleanExpressions: Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:357:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'manager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:368:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:368:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:368:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:368:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:371:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:371:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:374:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:374:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:385:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:385:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:386:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:386:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:387:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:387:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:387:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:387:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:387:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:387:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:387:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:387:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:393:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:393:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:394:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:394:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:395:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:395:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:396:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:396:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:397:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:397:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:398:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:398:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:407:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "compactMode" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 407
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:407:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "compactMode" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 407
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:409:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:409:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:412:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:417:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'forceSave' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:417:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'forceSave' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:418:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:418:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:419:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:419:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:420:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:420:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:420:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:420:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:431:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'starter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:431:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'starter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:436:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:436:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:437:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:437:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:443:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'starter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:443:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'starter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:448:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'settingsDialog' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:448:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'settingsDialog' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:453:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:453:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:453:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:453:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:454:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:454:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentCompactMode' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:454:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentCompactMode' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:454:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like currentCompactMode
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:454:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like currentCompactMode
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:455:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:455:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:455:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentAutoSave' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:455:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentAutoSave' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:461:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:461:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newPath' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:462:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:462:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newCompactMode' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:462:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newCompactMode' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:463:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:463:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:463:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prependMetadata' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:463:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prependMetadata' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:464:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:464:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:464:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'copyMetadata' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:464:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'copyMetadata' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:465:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:465:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:465:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'autoSave' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:465:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'autoSave' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:470:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:470:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:471:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:471:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:471:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:471:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:474:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:474:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:475:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:477:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:477:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:479:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:479:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:479:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:479:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:489:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskBag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:489:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskBag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:496:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:496:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:501:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:501:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:508:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:508:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:508:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:508:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:508:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:510:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:511:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:512:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:515:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'FontFormatException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:515:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'FontFormatException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:525:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:525:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:527:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:527:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:529:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:529:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'ClassNotFoundException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:540:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:540:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:540:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:540:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:541:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:541:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:541:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:541:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:545:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:545:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:545:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:545:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:547:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:547:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:547:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:547:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:554:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:555:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:555:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:555:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:555:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:556:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:556:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:559:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:559:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:559:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:559:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:562:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:562:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:566:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:566:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:566:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sorts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:566:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sorts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:567:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:567:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:571:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:571:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:571:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savedArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:571:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'savedArray' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:572:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'saved' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:572:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'saved' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:573:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nameAndSort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:573:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nameAndSort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:574:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:574:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:579:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:579:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'location' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:582:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:582:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:588:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:588:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:588:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locations' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:588:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'locations' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:589:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:589:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:594:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:594:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:599:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:599:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:602:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:602:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:602:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:602:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:604:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:604:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:612:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mode' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:612:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'mode' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:612:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'mode' is never used (overwritten on line 620)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:612:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'mode' is never used (overwritten on line 620)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:618:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:618:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:623:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:623:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:624:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:624:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:625:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:625:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:626:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:626:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:631:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:631:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:632:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:632:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:632:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'dispatchKeyEvent(KeyEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:632:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'dispatchKeyEvent(KeyEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:632:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:632:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:634:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:634:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:634:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:634:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:635:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:635:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:635:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:635:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:636:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:636:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:636:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:636:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:636:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:636:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:638:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:638:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:638:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:638:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:639:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:639:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:639:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:639:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:640:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:640:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:649:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:649:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:651:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:651:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:651:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:651:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:653:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:653:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:653:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:653:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:655:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:655:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:655:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:655:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:657:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:657:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:657:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:657:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:659:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:659:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:659:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:659:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:659:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:659:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:661:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:661:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:663:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:663:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:663:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:663:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:669:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:669:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:671:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:673:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:675:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:677:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:677:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:677:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:677:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:677:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:677:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:679:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:679:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:679:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:679:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:679:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:679:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:681:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:681:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:681:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:681:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:681:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:681:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:685:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:685:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:687:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:687:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:687:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:687:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:687:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:687:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:689:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:691:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:691:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:691:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:691:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:691:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:691:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:693:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:693:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:693:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:693:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:693:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:693:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:693:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:693:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:695:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:695:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:695:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:695:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:695:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:695:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:695:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:695:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:697:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:697:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:697:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:697:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:697:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:697:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:701:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:701:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:703:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:703:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:703:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:703:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:703:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:703:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:705:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:705:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:705:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:705:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:705:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:705:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:705:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:705:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:707:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:707:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:707:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:707:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:707:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:707:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:709:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:709:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:709:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:709:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:709:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:709:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:711:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:711:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:711:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:711:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:711:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:711:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:713:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:713:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:713:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:713:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:713:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:713:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:717:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:717:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:719:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterContexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:719:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterContexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:719:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterProjects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:719:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterProjects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:720:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:720:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:721:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:721:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:722:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:722:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:722:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:722:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:727:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:727:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:729:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showHidden' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:729:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showHidden' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:729:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:729:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:730:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:730:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:731:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:731:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:732:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:732:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:732:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:732:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:738:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'originalListeners' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:738:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'originalListeners' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:739:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'scrollAmount' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:739:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'scrollAmount' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:739:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'scrollAmount'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:739:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'scrollAmount'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:739:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'scrollAmount' is never used (overwritten on line 743)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:739:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'scrollAmount' is never used (overwritten on line 743)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:741:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'originalListeners' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:741:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'originalListeners' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:741:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalListeners' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:741:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalListeners' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:741:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scrollAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:741:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'scrollAmount' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:747:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:747:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'originalEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:748:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:748:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:761:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:761:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:761:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUI.java:761:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:45:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:45:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:46:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:46:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the iconSave field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:48:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the iconSave field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:48:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:48:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:52:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the cb field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:52:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the cb field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:52:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:52:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cb
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cb
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:53:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the tp field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:53:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the tp field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:53:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:53:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tp
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like tp
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the editor field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the editor field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:79:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:89:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:89:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'df' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'df' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like df
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like df
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:103:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pf
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:103:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like pf
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:113:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'element' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:113:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'element' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:118:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:118:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:123:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:123:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:128:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:128:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ib' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ib' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ib
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ib
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:148:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the element field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:148:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the element field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:148:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:148:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:157:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the element field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:157:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the element field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:157:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:157:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'element' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtGUItest.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:20:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:20:	ExcessiveImports:	ExcessiveImports: A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:68:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtPreferencesDialog' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:68:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtPreferencesDialog' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:69:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SETTINGS_PANEL field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:69:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SETTINGS_PANEL field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:69:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:69:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:70:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the HELP_PANEL field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:70:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the HELP_PANEL field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:70:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:70:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:71:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ABOUT_PANEL field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:71:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ABOUT_PANEL field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:71:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:71:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:73:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'okCancelBar' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:73:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'okCancelBar' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:73:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'topPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:73:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'topPanel' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:76:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'language' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:76:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'language' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like labelConflictResolution
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:81:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like labelConflictResolution
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:83:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'preferencesFilterChangeListenerList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:83:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'preferencesFilterChangeListenerList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:83:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like preferencesFilterChangeListenerList
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:83:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like preferencesFilterChangeListenerList
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:90:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:90:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:93:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "jdotxt" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 93
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:93:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "jdotxt" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 93
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:104:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:111:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:112:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:112:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:113:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:113:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:114:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:114:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:115:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:115:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:116:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:116:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:116:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:116:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:122:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:122:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:123:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:123:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:124:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:124:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:125:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:125:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:126:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:126:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:126:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:126:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:132:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:132:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:133:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:133:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:134:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:134:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:135:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:135:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:136:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ok' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ok' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:153:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ok
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:153:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ok
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:154:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cancel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cancel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:170:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:176:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:177:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:177:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:189:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dimension' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dimension' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:190:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:190:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:191:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:191:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:191:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:197:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like preferencesFilterChangeListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:197:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like preferencesFilterChangeListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'preferencesFilterChangeListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'preferencesFilterChangeListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:201:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:201:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:201:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'getSettingsPanel()' has a NCSS line count of 136.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:201:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'getSettingsPanel()' has a NCSS line count of 136.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tabbedPane' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:202:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tabbedPane' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filePanel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filePanel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:215:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelDirectory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelDirectory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:227:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'btnChooseDir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'btnChooseDir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:231:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'chooser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'chooser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:234:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:234:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'returnVal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'returnVal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:236:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:236:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:236:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:236:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:240:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelAutoSave' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:240:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelAutoSave' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:244:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:248:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:249:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:249:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:249:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:249:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:250:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:250:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:250:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:250:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:255:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:255:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'group' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:260:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:261:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:261:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:262:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:262:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conflictResolution' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:270:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'conflictResolution' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:270:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like conflictResolution
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:270:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like conflictResolution
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:278:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:298:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelOpenFiles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelOpenFiles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:302:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:302:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'openTodo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:302:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'openTodo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:306:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:306:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:306:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:307:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:307:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:308:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:308:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:311:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:311:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'openDone' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'openDone' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:315:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:315:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:315:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:315:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:316:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:316:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:316:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:317:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:317:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'openFiles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'openFiles' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:339:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'displayPanel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:339:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'displayPanel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:347:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:347:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:352:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:352:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:357:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:357:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:362:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:362:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:372:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:372:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:377:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:377:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:382:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:382:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:386:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:386:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:386:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelLanguage' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:386:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelLanguage' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:389:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:389:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:407:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:408:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:413:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:413:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:418:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelIcon' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:418:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelIcon' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:423:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panelInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:423:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panelInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:430:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:430:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:430:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:430:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:431:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:431:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:436:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:436:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:437:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "text/html" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 437
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:437:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "text/html" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 437
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:440:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:440:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:451:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:451:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:451:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelShortcuts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:451:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelShortcuts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:452:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:452:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:457:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textShortcuts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:457:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textShortcuts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:461:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:475:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:475:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:475:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAboutPanel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:475:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getAboutPanel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:475:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'getAboutPanel()' has a NCSS line count of 64.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:475:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'getAboutPanel()' has a NCSS line count of 64.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:476:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:476:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:481:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:481:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelIcon' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:481:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelIcon' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:486:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panelInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:486:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panelInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:493:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:493:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:493:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:493:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:494:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:494:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:499:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:499:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:503:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:509:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:509:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:509:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'hyperlinkUpdate(HyperlinkEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:509:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'hyperlinkUpdate(HyperlinkEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:509:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:509:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:510:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:510:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:511:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:511:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:513:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:516:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:516:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:527:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:527:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelContributors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:527:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelContributors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:528:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:528:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:533:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textContributors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:533:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textContributors' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:537:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:537:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:546:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:546:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:546:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelLicense' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:546:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelLicense' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:547:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:547:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:552:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textLicense' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:552:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'textLicense' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:556:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:556:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:562:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:562:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:562:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'hyperlinkUpdate(HyperlinkEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:562:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'hyperlinkUpdate(HyperlinkEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:562:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:562:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:563:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:563:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:564:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:564:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:566:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:566:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:566:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:566:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:569:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:569:	IdenticalCatchBranches:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'IOException' branch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:584:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:584:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:585:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:585:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:586:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:586:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:587:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:587:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:588:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:588:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:589:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:589:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:590:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:590:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:591:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:591:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:592:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:592:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:593:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:593:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:594:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'preferencesFilterChangeListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:594:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'preferencesFilterChangeListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:594:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like preferencesFilterChangeListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:594:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like preferencesFilterChangeListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:600:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:600:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:601:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:601:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:602:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:602:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:603:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:603:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:604:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:604:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:605:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:605:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:606:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:606:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:607:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:608:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:608:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:609:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:609:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:610:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:610:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:613:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'button' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:613:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'button' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:613:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toolTipText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:613:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toolTipText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:620:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:620:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enable' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:627:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:627:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:630:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:630:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:630:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:630:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:630:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:630:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:630:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:630:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:637:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:637:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:644:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:644:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:644:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:644:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:648:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:648:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:648:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:648:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:650:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtPreferencesDialog.java:650:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:55:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'purpose' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:55:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'purpose' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purpose' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'purpose' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:60:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'initGUI' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:60:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'initGUI' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:63:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the initGUI method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:63:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the initGUI method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:63:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:63:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:63:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:63:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:63:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'initGUI()' has a NCSS line count of 92.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:63:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'initGUI()' has a NCSS line count of 92.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:66:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:66:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:66:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:66:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:70:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelIcon' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelIcon' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panelInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'panelInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelTitle' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:88:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelFoss' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelFoss' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelWhere' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelWhere' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:111:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'btnChooseDir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'btnChooseDir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'chooser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'chooser' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:121:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'returnVal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'returnVal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:124:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:124:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelRecommendation' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:129:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'labelRecommendation' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:129:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like labelRecommendation
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:129:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like labelRecommendation
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:133:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:161:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:161:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:161:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:162:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startBar' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startBar' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:182:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dimension' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:182:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dimension' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:183:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:183:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:184:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:184:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:184:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:184:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:190:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:190:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'windowClosed(WindowEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:190:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'windowClosed(WindowEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:190:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:190:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:192:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:199:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the WelcomeFrame nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:199:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the WelcomeFrame nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:200:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the WelcomeFrame constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/JdotxtWelcomeDialog.java:200:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the WelcomeFrame constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:7:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:8:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'placeholder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:8:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'placeholder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sorts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sorts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:9:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'placeholder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'placeholder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'more' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'more' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'placeholder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'placeholder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newValues' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toShow' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toShow' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:34:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:34:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:34:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:34:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector:	UseArrayListInsteadOfVector: Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the PlaceholderComboBoxModel nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:43:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the PlaceholderComboBoxModel nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:43:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:43:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:45:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:45:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'placeholder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'placeholder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:45:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:45:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:50:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:50:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:50:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'placeholder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:50:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'placeholder' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:56:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:56:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:58:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:58:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:59:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtCombobox.java:59:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:31:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtContentField' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:31:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtContentField' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:35:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'separators' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:35:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'separators' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:38:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'a'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:38:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'a'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:38:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:40:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:40:	AvoidStringBufferField:	AvoidStringBufferField: StringBuffers can grow quite a lot, and so may become a source of memory leak (if the owning class has a long life time).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the filter field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:40:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the filter field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:40:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:47:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:47:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:48:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:53:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:53:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mouseEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mouseEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:59:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:59:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:61:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:61:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:62:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:62:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:64:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:64:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:71:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:72:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:72:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:72:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:72:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:73:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:73:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:78:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'processKey' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:78:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'processKey' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:97:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:97:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:98:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:102:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:123:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'start' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:124:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:124:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:125:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:125:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:128:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:137:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:137:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:137:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'shiftLeft' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:141:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'shiftLeft' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:141:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:141:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:142:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possibleStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:142:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possibleStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:146:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:150:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:166:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:167:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'before' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'before' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:174:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:174:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:175:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:175:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:175:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:180:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:180:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:185:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:185:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:187:	UselessQualifiedThis:	UselessQualifiedThis: Useless qualified this usage in the same class.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:191:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:191:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:191:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:191:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:191:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filtered' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filtered' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:194:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:194:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:199:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:199:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:201:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:201:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:205:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:205:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:205:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:205:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement:	TooFewBranchesForASwitchStatement: A switch with less than three branches is inefficient, use a if statement instead.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:206:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:206:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:206:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:207:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:207:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:207:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:216:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the AutocompletionList nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:216:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the AutocompletionList nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:217:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the autocomplete field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:217:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the autocomplete field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:217:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:217:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:217:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:217:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:217:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:217:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:218:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the list field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:218:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the list field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:218:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:218:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:219:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the selectionIndex field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:219:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the selectionIndex field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:219:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:219:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:219:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'selectionIndex'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:219:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'selectionIndex'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:236:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setAutocomplete method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:236:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the setAutocomplete method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:236:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:236:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'autocomplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:236:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'autocomplete' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:246:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the nextSelection method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:246:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the nextSelection method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:246:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:246:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:251:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the previousSelection method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:251:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the previousSelection method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:251:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:251:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:256:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSelection method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:256:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getSelection method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:256:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtContentField.java:256:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:44:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'JdotxtDateField' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=28.571%, NOPA=3, NOAM=3, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:44:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'JdotxtDateField' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=28.571%, NOPA=3, NOAM=3, WMC=15)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_DATE_STRING
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like DEFAULT_DATE_STRING
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focusNext'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focusNext'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:51:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focusPrevious'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:51:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focusPrevious'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:53:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:53:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:54:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setDate' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:54:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setDate' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:57:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:57:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:58:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setDate' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:58:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setDate' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'im' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'im' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like im
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:69:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like im
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:71:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:75:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:75:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:76:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:76:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:76:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:76:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:83:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:83:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:83:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:83:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:89:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:89:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:94:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:99:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:99:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:109:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:110:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:110:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:114:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:121:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:121:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusNext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusNext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusPrevious' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusPrevious' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:131:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setForeground(Color)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:131:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setForeground(Color)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:131:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fg
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:131:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fg
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:139:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:139:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:140:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:140:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:140:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:140:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:140:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:140:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:151:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:151:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:156:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:156:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:157:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:157:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:157:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:157:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:157:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:171:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:171:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:173:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:173:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:173:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:174:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:174:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:174:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:174:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:180:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:180:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endPos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:183:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endPos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:184:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:184:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'len' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'len' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:188:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:188:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'remove(int, int)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:188:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'remove(int, int)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:191:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:191:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'original' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'original' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'replace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:196:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:196:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:196:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:196:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:197:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:197:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:198:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtDateField.java:198:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:39:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtFilterPanel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 21).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:39:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtFilterPanel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 21).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like VISIBILITY_PROJECTS
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like VISIBILITY_PROJECTS
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like VISIBILITY_CONTEXTS
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like VISIBILITY_CONTEXTS
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:49:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'pane1' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:49:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'pane1' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:50:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'pane2' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:50:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'pane2' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:52:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'loading1' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:52:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'loading1' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:52:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:52:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:53:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'loading2' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:53:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'loading2' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:53:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:53:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:55:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'projects' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:55:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'projects' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:55:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:55:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:56:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'contexts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:56:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'contexts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:56:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:56:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:60:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filterContexts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:60:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filterContexts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:60:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:60:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:60:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:60:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:61:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filterProjects' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:61:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filterProjects' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:61:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:61:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:61:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:61:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:65:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filterChangeListenerList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:65:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filterChangeListenerList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterChangeListenerList
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:65:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterChangeListenerList
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:65:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:65:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:65:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:65:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:67:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'switchPanels'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:67:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'switchPanels'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:72:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'reset' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:72:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'reset' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:75:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:75:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:75:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initFilterPanel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:75:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initFilterPanel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 21.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:75:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'initFilterPanel()' has an NPath complexity of 1024, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:75:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'initFilterPanel()' has an NPath complexity of 1024, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:83:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'keyTyped' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:83:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'keyTyped' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:85:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:86:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:89:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:89:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:90:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:90:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:91:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:91:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:91:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:91:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:92:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:92:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:92:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:92:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:97:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:97:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:98:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:98:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:99:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:99:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:101:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:101:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:101:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:107:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:107:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:108:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:108:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:109:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:109:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:114:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:114:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:114:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:114:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:116:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:116:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:116:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:119:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:119:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:131:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'keyTyped' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:131:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'keyTyped' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:136:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'typed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:137:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:138:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:138:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:139:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:139:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:139:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:139:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:140:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:140:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:146:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:146:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:147:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:147:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:148:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:148:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:150:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:150:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:156:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:156:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:156:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:156:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:158:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:158:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:158:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:163:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:163:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:163:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:163:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:165:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:165:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:165:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:165:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:168:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:168:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:174:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:186:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:186:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:187:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:193:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:200:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:200:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:200:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:201:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'block' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'block' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:205:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:205:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskBag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskBag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibility' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:221:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibility' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:222:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:222:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:232:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:232:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:233:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:233:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:256:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'switchPanels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:256:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'switchPanels' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:257:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:257:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:262:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterChangeListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:262:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterChangeListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterChangeListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterChangeListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:263:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterChangeListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:263:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like filterChangeListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterChangeListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterChangeListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myProjects' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:266:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myProjects' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myContexts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myContexts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:269:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:271:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:272:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:277:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:277:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:279:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'forceUpdateFilterPanes' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:279:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'forceUpdateFilterPanes' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:279:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'forceUpdateFilterPanes()' has an NPath complexity of 1944, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:279:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'forceUpdateFilterPanes()' has an NPath complexity of 1944, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selectedProjects' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selectedProjects' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:284:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selectedContexts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:284:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selectedContexts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myProjects' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myProjects' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:288:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:289:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:289:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:289:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:289:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myContexts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'myContexts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:296:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:296:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:297:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:297:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:297:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:297:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:305:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Uncategorized" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 305
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:305:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Uncategorized" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 305
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:305:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:305:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:306:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:306:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:308:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:308:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:309:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:309:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'projectsString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:311:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'projectsString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contextsString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:314:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contextsString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:320:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selectedProjectsIndices' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:320:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selectedProjectsIndices' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:320:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedProjectsIndices
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:320:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedProjectsIndices
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:320:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:320:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selectedContextsIndices' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selectedContextsIndices' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:321:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedContextsIndices
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:321:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like selectedContextsIndices
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:321:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:321:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:323:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:323:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:323:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:323:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:324:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:324:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:324:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:324:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:326:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:326:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:326:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:326:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:327:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:327:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:328:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:328:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:328:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:328:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:329:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:329:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:331:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:331:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:331:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:336:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:336:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:336:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:336:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:337:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:337:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:337:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:337:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:344:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filter' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:344:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filter' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:345:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'list' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:345:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'list' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:347:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:347:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:347:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:347:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:353:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selection' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:361:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'selection' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:363:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:363:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:363:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:363:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:364:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:365:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:366:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:366:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:367:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'all' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:367:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'all' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:368:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:368:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:369:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:369:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:369:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:369:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:369:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:369:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:369:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:369:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:371:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:371:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:372:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:372:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:372:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:372:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:372:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:372:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:373:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:373:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:378:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:382:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:382:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:382:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:382:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:384:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:384:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:388:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:388:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cellHasFocus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cellHasFocus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:393:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:393:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:393:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:393:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:397:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:397:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:397:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:397:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:398:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:398:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:398:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:398:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:400:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:418:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:418:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:418:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:422:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:422:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:422:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:422:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:422:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'filterChanged': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:422:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'filterChanged': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:425:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:425:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:425:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the FilterField nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:425:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the FilterField nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:426:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the jtf field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:426:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the jtf field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:426:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:426:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:428:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:428:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:428:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:428:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'first' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:429:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'initGUI' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:429:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'initGUI' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:449:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:449:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:457:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:457:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:466:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtFilterPanel.java:466:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:27:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtImageButton' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:27:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtImageButton' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:41:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:41:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'icon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'icon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:46:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:46:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mouseListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mouseListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:52:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:53:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:53:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:54:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:54:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:59:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:59:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:60:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:60:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:66:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:66:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:67:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:67:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:72:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:73:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:73:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:74:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:75:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:75:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:75:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:76:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:76:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'focusListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'focusListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:83:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:84:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:84:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:85:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:85:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:90:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:90:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:91:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:91:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:96:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'keyListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:99:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:99:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:103:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:103:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:105:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:105:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:112:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:114:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:114:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:115:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:115:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:122:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:122:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setEnabled(boolean)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:122:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setEnabled(boolean)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:127:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:128:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:135:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:135:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:139:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:139:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:149:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:150:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:151:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:151:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:152:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listeners' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:156:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'listeners' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:158:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageButton.java:158:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:28:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'unselected' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:28:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'unselected' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'selected' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'selected' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:31:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isSelected has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:31:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isSelected has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'selected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'selected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'unselected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'unselected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:43:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:43:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:44:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:44:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:54:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'fireActionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtImageCheckBox.java:54:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'fireActionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:51:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focusNext'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:51:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focusNext'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focusPrevious'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focusPrevious'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focused'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'focused'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:56:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:56:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:56:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:60:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:60:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'im' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'im' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like im
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:71:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like im
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:72:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:72:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:74:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:77:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:85:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:85:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:88:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:88:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:89:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:89:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:93:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:94:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:94:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:95:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:95:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:99:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:99:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:105:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:106:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:107:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:107:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:110:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:111:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:111:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:111:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:111:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:111:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:111:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:112:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:112:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:126:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setEnabled(boolean)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:126:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setEnabled(boolean)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:128:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:128:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:131:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'priority'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:131:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'priority'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:131:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'priority'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:131:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'priority'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:133:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:139:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:139:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:139:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:139:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:139:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:140:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:140:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:140:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:140:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:140:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusNext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:144:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusNext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusPrevious' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:145:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusPrevious' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:147:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:147:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setForeground(Color)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:147:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setForeground(Color)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:147:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fg
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:147:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fg
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:154:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'priority'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:154:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'priority'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:155:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'isValid' is never used (overwritten on line 156)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:155:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'isValid' is never used (overwritten on line 156)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:163:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'isValid' is never used (overwritten on line 164)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:163:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'isValid' is never used (overwritten on line 164)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:171:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:171:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:172:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field replace has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:172:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field replace has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:172:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the replace field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:172:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the replace field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:172:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:172:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:172:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'replace'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:172:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'replace'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'str'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'str'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'str'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'str'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'str'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'str'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:175:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:176:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:176:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:176:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:176:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:176:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:177:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:177:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:177:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:177:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:177:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:177:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:180:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:180:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:186:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:186:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:187:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:187:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'len' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'len' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:193:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:194:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:196:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:196:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:197:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:197:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'offset' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtPriorityField.java:202:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:12:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:12:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:12:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtSortDialog' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:12:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtSortDialog' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the sort field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:14:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the sort field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:14:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:15:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:15:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:15:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:15:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:16:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sortList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:16:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'sortList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:16:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:16:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:16:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:16:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'addList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:17:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'addList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:17:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:17:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:17:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:17:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ok
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:23:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ok
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'edit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:47:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:47:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:47:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:47:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:47:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:47:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:48:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:59:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:59:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:59:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:59:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:59:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:69:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:69:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:69:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:69:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initGUI' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:69:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'initGUI()' has a NCSS line count of 72.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:69:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'initGUI()' has a NCSS line count of 72.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:75:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:75:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tables' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tables' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:86:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'col' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'col' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'row' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'row' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:92:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:92:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:93:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:93:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:94:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:94:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:95:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:95:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:96:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:96:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:98:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:98:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sub' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sub' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:98:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:98:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:99:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:99:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:100:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:100:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:101:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:101:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:103:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:103:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:104:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:104:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:105:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:105:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sub' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sub' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:105:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:105:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:106:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:107:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:107:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'subE' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:108:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:108:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:110:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:110:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:111:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:111:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:112:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:112:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:112:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:113:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:113:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:113:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:114:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:114:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:114:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:116:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:116:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:117:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:117:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'save' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'save' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:144:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'col' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'col' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'row' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:149:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'row' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:150:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:150:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:151:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:151:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:152:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:152:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:152:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:152:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:153:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:153:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:154:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:154:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:156:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:156:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buttons' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buttons' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:168:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:169:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cancel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'cancel' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:185:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:196:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dimension' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dimension' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'x' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:197:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:197:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:198:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:198:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:198:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'y' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:198:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:198:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:211:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the EditDisabledTableModel nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:211:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the EditDisabledTableModel nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:211:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:211:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the EditDisabledTableModel constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the EditDisabledTableModel constructor if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'vector' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'vector' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'vector1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'vector1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:214:	ReplaceVectorWithList:	ReplaceVectorWithList: Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:219:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:219:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:219:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:219:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i1
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:219:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i1
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:225:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:225:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ch
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:228:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mouseEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:228:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'mouseEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'row' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'row' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'col' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'col' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:248:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:255:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ClickHandler nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtSortDialog.java:255:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the ClickHandler nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtStatusBar.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtStatusBar.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtStatusBar.java:42:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setText' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtStatusBar.java:42:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setText' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtStatusBar.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtStatusBar.java:59:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:41:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=78, ATFD=41, TCC=11.828%)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:41:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=78, ATFD=41, TCC=11.828%)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:41:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:41:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:47:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:47:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:47:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:47:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:57:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'prependMetadata'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:57:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'prependMetadata'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:58:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'copyMetadata'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:58:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'copyMetadata'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:62:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the taskPanelListener field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:62:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the taskPanelListener field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:62:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:62:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:63:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the newTaskPanelListener field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:63:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the newTaskPanelListener field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:63:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:63:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like newTaskPanelListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:63:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like newTaskPanelListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:65:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'taskListenerList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:65:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'taskListenerList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:65:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:65:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:65:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:65:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:67:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'compactMode'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:67:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'compactMode'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:69:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:69:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:71:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'refreshSort' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:71:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'refreshSort' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:84:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:90:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:90:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:91:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:91:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:92:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:92:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compactMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compactMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prependMetadata' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prependMetadata' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:108:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:109:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:111:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:111:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:112:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:112:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyMetadata' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:117:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'copyMetadata' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskBag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:121:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskBag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:124:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:124:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:130:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:130:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:130:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:135:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:135:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:135:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:136:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:136:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:138:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'control' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'control' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:152:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:152:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:153:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:153:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:153:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterContexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterContexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterPrios' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterPrios' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterProjects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filterProjects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'search' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showHidden' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showHidden' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:156:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'projects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'projects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:169:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:170:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:171:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:171:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'postProcessing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:178:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'postProcessing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:179:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:179:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:181:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:184:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'postProcessing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'postProcessing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:193:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:194:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:194:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:195:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:195:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:195:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:195:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:196:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:196:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:196:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:196:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:197:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:197:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:197:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'postProcessing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'postProcessing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:214:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:214:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:220:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sortString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sortString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:231:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:231:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:231:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:231:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:233:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:233:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:235:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:236:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'next' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:236:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'next' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:238:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:238:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:240:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:240:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:242:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:247:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:247:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:247:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:247:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:252:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the t field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:252:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the t field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:252:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:252:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:252:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:252:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:254:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:254:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:259:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:259:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gt
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:260:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:260:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:263:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:263:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:264:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:264:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:266:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:271:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the postProcessing field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:271:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the postProcessing field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:271:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:271:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:273:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:273:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:273:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'postProcessing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:273:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'postProcessing' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:277:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:277:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:282:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:282:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:285:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:285:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:286:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:286:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:286:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:286:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:288:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:288:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:300:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:300:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:301:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:301:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:308:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:308:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:309:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'gt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:310:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:314:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:314:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:316:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:316:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:316:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:316:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:319:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:319:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:322:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:322:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:322:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:322:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:322:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:322:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:324:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:324:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:325:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:325:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:326:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:326:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:326:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:326:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:326:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:326:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:331:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:331:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:333:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:333:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:334:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:335:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:335:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:335:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:338:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:338:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:338:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:338:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:338:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:338:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:338:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:342:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:342:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:342:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:345:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:345:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:345:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:345:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:345:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:345:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:345:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:348:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:348:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:348:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:348:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:348:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:348:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:349:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:349:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:349:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:349:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:350:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:350:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:350:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:350:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:350:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:350:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:350:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:350:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:351:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:351:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:352:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:352:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:352:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:352:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:355:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:355:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:356:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:356:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:357:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:357:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:361:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:361:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:363:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:363:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:363:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:363:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:365:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:365:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:371:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:371:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:371:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:371:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:372:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:372:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:373:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:373:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:373:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:373:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:375:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:377:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:377:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:379:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:379:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:380:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:380:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toInsert' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:380:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toInsert' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:381:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:381:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:384:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:384:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:389:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReplace' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:389:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'toReplace' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:391:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:391:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:392:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:393:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:393:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:395:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:395:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deadlineTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:395:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'deadlineTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:396:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:396:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:396:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:396:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:396:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'curTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:396:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'curTime' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:399:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:401:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:401:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'replace' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:401:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'replace' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:402:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:405:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:406:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:406:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:406:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:406:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:408:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:408:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:408:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nt' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:408:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nt
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:408:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nt
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:414:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:414:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:414:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:414:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:414:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:414:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:419:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:419:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:419:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:421:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:421:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:421:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:421:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:422:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:422:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:423:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:423:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:424:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:424:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:429:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:429:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:431:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:431:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:431:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:431:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:433:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:433:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:433:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:433:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:433:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:433:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:433:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:433:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:436:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:436:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:439:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:439:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:439:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:439:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:440:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:440:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:440:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:440:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:441:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:441:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:442:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:442:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:442:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:442:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:442:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:442:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:442:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:445:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:445:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:445:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:445:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:445:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:445:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:447:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:447:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:447:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:447:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:447:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:447:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:447:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:447:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:450:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 't'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:450:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 't'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:450:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:450:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:451:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:451:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:451:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:451:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:452:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:452:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:452:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:452:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:453:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:453:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:453:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:453:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:463:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:463:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:463:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:463:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:463:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:463:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:465:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:465:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:465:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:465:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:465:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:465:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:467:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:467:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:467:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:467:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:468:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:468:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:469:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:469:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:477:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'panel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:477:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'panel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:477:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:477:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:484:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the field field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:484:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the field field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:484:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:484:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:485:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the t field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:485:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the t field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:485:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:485:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:485:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:485:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:487:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:487:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:487:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:487:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:487:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:487:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:487:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:487:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:493:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:493:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'orientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'orientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibleRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:515:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibleRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:520:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:520:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:520:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'orientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:520:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'orientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:520:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibleRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:520:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibleRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:521:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'pageIncrement' is never used (overwritten on lines 527 and 532)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:521:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'pageIncrement' is never used (overwritten on lines 527 and 532)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:523:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:523:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:523:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:528:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:528:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:533:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:533:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:539:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:539:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'direction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:539:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'orientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:539:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'orientation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:539:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibleRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:539:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visibleRect' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:539:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'orientation'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:539:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'orientation'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:540:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'hNew' is never used (overwritten on line 542)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:540:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'hNew' is never used (overwritten on line 542)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:540:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'increment' is never used (overwritten on lines 549, 551, 555 and 559)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:540:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'increment' is never used (overwritten on lines 549, 551, 555 and 559)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:543:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:543:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:543:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:543:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:543:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:543:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:549:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:549:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:556:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:556:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:560:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:560:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:562:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskList.java:562:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:53:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtTaskPanel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 23).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:53:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'JdotxtTaskPanel' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 23).
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:53:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:53:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:64:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'panelTodoInfo' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:64:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'panelTodoInfo' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:65:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'panelTodoCommands' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:65:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'panelTodoCommands' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:84:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:84:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:90:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:90:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:91:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'initLayout' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:91:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'initLayout' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:94:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:94:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isNewTask' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isNewTask' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:98:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:98:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compactMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compactMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isNewTask' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isNewTask' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:98:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compactMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'compactMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isNewTask' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'isNewTask' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:102:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:107:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:107:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:116:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:116:	ExcessiveMethodLength:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:116:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initLayout' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:116:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'initLayout' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:116:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'initLayout()' has an NPath complexity of 576, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:116:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'initLayout()' has an NPath complexity of 576, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:116:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'initLayout()' has a NCSS line count of 103.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:116:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'initLayout()' has a NCSS line count of 103.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:124:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:136:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ENTER" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 136
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:136:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "ENTER" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 136
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:136:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:140:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:140:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:140:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:142:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:142:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:148:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:150:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:152:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:155:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:155:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:156:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:156:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:156:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:156:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:156:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:157:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:157:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:160:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:163:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:163:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:163:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:164:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:165:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:165:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:165:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:170:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:170:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:170:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:172:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:173:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:173:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:173:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:173:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:174:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:174:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:178:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:183:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:187:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:187:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:187:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:189:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:189:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:189:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doneListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:197:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doneListener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:201:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:201:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:203:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:203:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:203:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:214:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:214:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:214:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:216:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:216:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:216:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:221:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:221:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:224:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:227:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:227:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:227:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:227:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:237:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:237:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:237:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:237:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:238:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:238:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:245:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:245:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:248:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:248:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:249:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:249:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'im' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'im' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:256:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like im
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:256:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like im
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:257:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:257:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:258:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:258:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:259:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:262:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:262:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:262:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:262:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:266:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:266:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:273:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:273:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:280:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:281:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:281:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'control' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'control' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:285:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:285:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:286:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:286:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:287:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:287:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:288:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:288:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:289:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:289:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:290:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:290:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskText' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskText' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:295:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newTask' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:295:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newTask' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:297:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:309:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:309:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:310:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:310:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:317:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:318:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'taskListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:322:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:322:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:322:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:325:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:325:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:327:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:327:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:327:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:327:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:332:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:332:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:332:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:335:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:335:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:337:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:337:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:337:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:340:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:340:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:342:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:342:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:342:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:345:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:347:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:347:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:347:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:347:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:350:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:350:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:352:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:352:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:353:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:353:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:357:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:357:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:359:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:359:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:359:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:359:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:361:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:361:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:361:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:363:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:363:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:363:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:363:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:365:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:365:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:365:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:365:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:365:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'e'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:365:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'e'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:366:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:366:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:366:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:366:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:366:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:367:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:367:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:367:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:367:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:367:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:368:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:368:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:368:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:368:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:369:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:369:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:374:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:374:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:376:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:376:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:376:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:376:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:378:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:378:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:378:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:378:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:380:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:380:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:380:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:380:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:382:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:382:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:382:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:382:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:382:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'e'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:382:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'e'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:383:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:383:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:383:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:383:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:384:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:384:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:384:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:384:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:385:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:385:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:385:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:385:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:385:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:385:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:386:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:386:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:391:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:391:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:393:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:393:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:395:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:395:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:397:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:397:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:399:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:399:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:399:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'arg0'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:399:	UnusedFormalParameter:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused method parameters such as 'arg0'.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:400:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:400:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:401:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:401:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:401:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:401:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:401:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:401:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:402:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:402:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:402:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:402:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:405:	SimplifyStartsWith:	SimplifyStartsWith: This call to String.startsWith can be rewritten using String.charAt(0)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:406:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:406:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:406:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:406:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:406:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:406:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:406:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:406:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:407:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:407:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:408:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:408:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:414:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:414:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:416:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:416:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:416:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:416:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:417:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:417:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:418:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:418:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:421:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:421:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:424:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:424:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:428:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:428:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:429:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:429:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:429:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:429:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:429:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:429:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:430:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:430:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:435:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'field' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:435:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'field' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:436:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:436:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:436:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'field' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:440:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:440:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:440:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:441:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtTaskPanel.java:441:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'JdotxtToggleImageButton' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=12.500%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=9)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:8:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'JdotxtToggleImageButton' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=12.500%, NOPA=0, NOAM=4, WMC=9)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:8:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:8:	MissingSerialVersionUID:	MissingSerialVersionUID: Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:10:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'toggle'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:10:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'toggle'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:18:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:18:	CallSuperInConstructor:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toggled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toggled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'icon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'icon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'actionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:27:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:27:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:28:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:28:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toggle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toggle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'color' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toggleAction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToggleImageButton.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toggleAction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:34:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'JdotxtToolbar' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.765%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:34:	DataClass:	DataClass: The class 'JdotxtToolbar' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=11.765%, NOPA=0, NOAM=14, WMC=19)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:41:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileLocationCombobox
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:42:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileLocationCombobox
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:44:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:45:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:46:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:47:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:56:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'refreshSettingsToggles' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:56:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'refreshSettingsToggles' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconSave' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconSave' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconReload' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconReload' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconArchive' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconArchive' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconSettings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconSettings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconSort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconSort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconCopy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconCopy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconHide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconHide' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconPrepend' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:68:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconPrepend' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconFuture' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iconFuture' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:79:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:81:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:83:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:85:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:87:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:97:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:119:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:120:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:121:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:122:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'button' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'button' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toolTipText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:125:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'toolTipText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:160:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setEnabled(boolean)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:160:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setEnabled(boolean)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:169:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'isEnabled()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:169:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'isEnabled()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:171:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'visible' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:191:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'emptyText' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:191:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'emptyText' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:195:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'listener'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:195:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'listener'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emptyText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'emptyText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:200:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'clearSearch' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:200:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'clearSearch' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:212:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'im' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'im' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:216:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like im
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:216:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like im
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:217:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'am' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:217:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:217:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like am
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:218:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusButton' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:247:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'focusButton' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:250:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:250:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:250:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:256:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:256:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:259:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:259:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:261:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'requestFocus()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:261:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'requestFocus()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:263:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'enabled' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:263:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setEnabled(boolean)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:263:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'setEnabled(boolean)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:272:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'isEnabled()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:272:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'isEnabled()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:274:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:274:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:276:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:276:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:277:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:277:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:278:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:278:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:279:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:281:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:281:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:282:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:282:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:283:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:283:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:283:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:283:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:284:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:284:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:288:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:288:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:289:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:289:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:289:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:289:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:289:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:293:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:293:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:295:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ae' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:295:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ae' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:295:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ae
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:295:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ae
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:296:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:296:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:296:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:296:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:298:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:298:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:299:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:299:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:304:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:304:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:305:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:305:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ev' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:305:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ev' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:305:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:305:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'actionPerformed(ActionEvent)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:305:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ev
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/JdotxtToolbar.java:305:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ev
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:25:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:25:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'taskCreated': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:25:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'taskCreated': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:26:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'taskUpdated': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:26:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'taskUpdated': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:27:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:27:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'taskDeleted': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:27:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'taskDeleted': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:28:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:28:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'enterPressed': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:28:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'enterPressed': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:29:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:29:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'focusGained': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:29:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'focusGained': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:30:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:30:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'focusLost': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/controls/TaskListener.java:30:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'focusLost': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:9:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:9:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sortList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sortList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'last' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:11:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'last' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:14:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:15:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:15:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:16:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:16:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:17:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:17:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:18:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:18:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:18:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:18:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sortString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sortString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sort' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sorters' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sorters' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/gui/utils/SortUtils.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:6:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:6:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'action' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:6:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'action' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:7:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:7:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:7:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:8:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'delayMillis' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:8:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'delayMillis' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'action' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'action' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'delayMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:13:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'delayMillis' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:43:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:43:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:44:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:44:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'now' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'now' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:46:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:46:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:46:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:46:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:47:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:47:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:48:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:48:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:49:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:49:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:51:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:51:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:55:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:55:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:55:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/DelayedActionHandler.java:55:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedListener.java:23:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'fileModified': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedListener.java:23:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'public' on method 'fileModified': the method is declared in an interface type
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'fileModifiedListenerList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'fileModifiedListenerList' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListenerList
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListenerList
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:37:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'processing'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'processing'
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:40:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:40:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:44:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:44:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:45:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:45:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldFile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:51:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:51:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldfile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oldfile' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:61:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:62:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:62:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:63:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:63:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:69:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileModifiedListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileModifiedListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:70:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like fileModifiedListener
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileModifiedListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileModifiedListener' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:73:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:77:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:93:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:93:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:97:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:97:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:99:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:99:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'event' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:101:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:101:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:101:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:101:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	AccessorMethodGeneration:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/FileModifiedWatcher.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'supportedLanguages' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:29:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'supportedLanguages' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like supportedLanguages
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:29:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like supportedLanguages
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:29:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'supportedLanguages' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:29:	SingularField:	SingularField: Perhaps 'supportedLanguages' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:30:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'translation' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:30:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'translation' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'language' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:33:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:33:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/chschmid/jdotxt/util/LanguagesController.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'keyword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_PRIORITIES_SELECTED
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:33:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_PRIORITIES_SELECTED
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_PROJECTS_SELECTED
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_PROJECTS_SELECTED
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_CONTEXTS_SELECTED
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:37:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_CONTEXTS_SELECTED
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_APPLIED_FILTERS
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:40:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_APPLIED_FILTERS
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_SUPPRESS_TOAST
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:43:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like EXTRA_SUPPRESS_TOAST
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_ACTION_ARCHIVE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:45:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_ACTION_ARCHIVE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_ACTION_LOGOUT
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:46:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_ACTION_LOGOUT
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_ASYNC_SUCCESS
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:47:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_ASYNC_SUCCESS
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_ASYNC_FAILED
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:48:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_ASYNC_FAILED
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_SYNC_CONFLICT
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:49:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_SYNC_CONFLICT
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_START_SYNC_WITH_REMOTE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_START_SYNC_WITH_REMOTE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_START_SYNC_TO_REMOTE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:51:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_START_SYNC_TO_REMOTE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_START_SYNC_FROM_REMOTE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:52:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_START_SYNC_FROM_REMOTE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_WIDGET_UPDATE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/Constants.java:55:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like INTENT_WIDGET_UPDATE
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/TodoException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/TodoException.java:29:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/TodoException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/TodoException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'msg' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/TodoException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/TodoException.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/TodoException.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/TodoException.java:33:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:31:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:32:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filters' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:32:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filters' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:32:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:32:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:32:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:32:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/AndFilter.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:34:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'contexts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:34:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'contexts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:34:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:34:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:34:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:34:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:44:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:44:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:56:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:56:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:56:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:57:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:57:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getContexts method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:65:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getContexts method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:65:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:65:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:65:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByContextFilter.java:65:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the priorities field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the priorities field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:34:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:44:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:44:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:48:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:48:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:49:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:49:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPriorities method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:55:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getPriorities method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:55:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:55:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByPriorityFilter.java:55:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:34:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'projects' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:34:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'projects' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:34:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:34:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:34:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:34:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'projects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'projects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:44:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:44:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:49:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:49:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:55:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:55:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:55:	SimplifyBooleanReturns:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:56:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:56:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:62:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getProjects method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:62:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getProjects method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:62:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:62:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:62:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByProjectFilter.java:62:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:31:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'text' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:31:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'text' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:32:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'caseSensitive' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:32:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'caseSensitive' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:33:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'parts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:33:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'parts' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:35:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'text'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:35:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'text'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'caseSensitive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'caseSensitive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:39:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:39:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskText' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taskText' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:52:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:52:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions:	UseLocaleWithCaseConversions: When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'part' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'part' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:59:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:59:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:59:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:59:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:66:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getText method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:66:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the getText method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:66:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:66:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:70:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the isCaseSensitive method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:70:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the isCaseSensitive method if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:70:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ByTextFilter.java:70:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:31:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:31:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:48:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:48:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contexts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:49:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contexts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:49:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:49:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParser.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:34:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:34:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'contexts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'projects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'projects' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'caseSensitive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'caseSensitive' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showHidden' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showHidden' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'showThreshold' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'filter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:41:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:41:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:45:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:45:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:49:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/FilterFactory.java:49:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenFilter.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenFilter.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenFilter.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenFilter.java:6:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParser.java:3:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParser.java:3:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParser.java:5:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParser.java:5:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParser.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParser.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:34:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:34:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:36:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:36:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:37:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastReload'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:37:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastReload'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:38:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastWrite'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:38:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastWrite'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastChange'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastChange'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'localRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'localRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:45:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:45:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:45:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'store(ArrayList)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:45:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'store(ArrayList)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:49:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:49:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:50:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:50:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:53:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'store()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:53:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'store()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:61:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:61:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:63:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:63:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:83:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:83:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doneTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doneTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:105:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:105:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:111:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:111:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:113:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:113:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:114:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:114:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:115:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:115:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:129:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'comparator'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:129:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'comparator'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:130:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:130:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:131:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:131:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:159:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:159:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:168:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:168:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:172:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:172:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:179:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:179:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:186:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:190:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:190:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:197:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:197:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:206:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:206:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overridePreference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overridePreference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:206:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:210:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:210:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overridePreference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overridePreference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:215:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:215:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:216:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:219:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:219:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'includeNone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'includeNone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:227:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:227:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:227:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:228:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:231:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:231:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'includeNone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:240:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'includeNone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:242:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:242:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:242:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:243:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:246:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:246:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:254:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:257:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:258:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:258:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:259:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:259:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:261:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:261:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:264:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:264:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:264:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:264:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:274:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:274:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:274:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:274:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:278:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'hasChanged()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/JdotxtTaskBagImpl.java:278:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'hasChanged()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:35:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:35:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:47:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:49:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:49:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:52:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'links' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'links' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:53:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:53:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:54:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:57:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LinkParser.java:57:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:40:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:40:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:40:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:41:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DEFAULTDIR field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:41:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the DEFAULTDIR field if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:41:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:41:	DefaultPackage:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:42:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:42:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:43:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:43:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:77:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:77:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:91:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completedTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completedTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:97:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:97:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incompleteTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'incompleteTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:98:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:98:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:100:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:120:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:120:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:122:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:133:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:143:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalFileTaskRepository.java:152:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:39:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:39:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:41:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:41:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:43:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:43:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:45:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:45:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:47:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/LocalTaskRepository.java:47:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:31:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:31:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MAIL_ADDRESS_PATTERN
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like MAIL_ADDRESS_PATTERN
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:47:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:47:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:50:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addresses' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'addresses' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:51:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:51:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:52:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/MailAddressParser.java:53:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:33:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:34:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filters' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:34:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'filters' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:34:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:34:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:34:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:34:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:44:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:44:	UseCollectionIsEmpty:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/OrFilter.java:50:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PhoneNumberParser.java:28:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PhoneNumberParser.java:28:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PhoneNumberParser.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PhoneNumberParser.java:39:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detailFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'detailFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:48:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'listFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'Priority(String, String, String, String)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:48:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'private' on constructor 'Priority(String, String, String, String)': enum constructors are implicitly private
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:49:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileFormat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:73:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'values' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:75:	AvoidArrayLoops:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:75:	AvoidArrayLoops:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:82:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:82:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'priorities' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'priorities' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:83:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:83:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:101:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'p2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:101:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'priorities' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'priorities' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:103:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:103:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:110:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:110:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorities' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'strings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:111:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'strings' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:111:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:111:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:118:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:118:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'codes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'priorities' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'priorities' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:119:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:119:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'code' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:120:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'code' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:126:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:126:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:126:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:128:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:128:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:132:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:133:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Priority.java:133:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:42:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:51:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'text'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:51:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'text'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:53:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:53:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'priorityMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'priorityMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/PriorityTextSplitter.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:31:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:31:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:45:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:47:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:47:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'projects' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:48:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'projects' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:48:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:48:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:49:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'project' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParser.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'project' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:6:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:6:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:8:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:8:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:8:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:19:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/RecParser.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:38:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=112, ATFD=57, TCC=7.808%)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:38:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=112, ATFD=57, TCC=7.808%)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:38:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Task' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:38:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Task' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 35).
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:38:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:38:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:44:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:46:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'deleted'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:46:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'deleted'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:47:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'completed'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:47:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'completed'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:61:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isFromThreshold has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:61:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field isFromThreshold has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultPrependedDate
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultPrependedDate
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultPrependedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultPrependedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rawText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rawText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:67:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rawText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rawText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:74:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:74:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rawText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rawText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultPrependedDate
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:90:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultPrependedDate
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultPrependedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'defaultPrependedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rawText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:90:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'rawText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'splitResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:99:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:103:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:105:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:106:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRec' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRec' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:127:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:127:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:132:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:132:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:134:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:134:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:158:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:234:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:237:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:237:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:255:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:255:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:261:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:261:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:261:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:263:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:263:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:265:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:265:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:273:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:273:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:274:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:274:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse:	ConsecutiveAppendsShouldReuse: StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:280:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:280:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:280:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:280:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:282:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:282:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:284:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:284:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:288:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:288:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:291:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:291:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:298:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:298:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:300:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:300:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:303:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:303:	AppendCharacterWithChar:	AppendCharacterWithChar: Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:309:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:309:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'destination' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:315:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:315:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:315:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:315:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 35.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:315:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 14680064, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:315:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 14680064, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:315:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'equals(Object)' has a NCSS line count of 70.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:315:	NcssCount:	NcssCount: The method 'equals(Object)' has a NCSS line count of 70.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:317:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:317:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:317:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:317:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:319:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:319:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:319:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:319:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:321:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:321:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:321:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:321:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:322:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:324:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:324:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:324:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:324:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:327:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:327:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:327:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:327:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:329:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:329:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:329:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:329:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:332:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:332:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:332:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:332:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:334:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:334:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:336:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:336:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:336:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:336:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:338:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:338:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:338:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:338:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:341:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:341:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:341:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:341:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:343:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:343:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:343:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:343:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:346:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:346:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:346:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:346:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:350:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:350:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:350:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:350:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:352:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:352:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:352:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:352:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:355:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:355:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:355:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:355:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:357:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:357:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:357:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:357:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:359:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:359:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:359:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:359:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:362:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:362:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:362:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:362:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:364:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:364:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:364:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:364:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:367:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:367:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:367:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:367:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:369:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:369:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:369:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:369:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:372:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:372:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:372:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:372:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:374:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:374:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:374:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:374:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:379:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'hashCode' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:379:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'hashCode' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:379:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'hashCode()' has an NPath complexity of 4096, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:379:	NPathComplexity:	NPathComplexity: The method 'hashCode()' has an NPath complexity of 4096, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:380:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:380:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:405:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:405:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:405:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prios' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:405:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prios' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:406:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:406:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:406:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:406:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:406:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctxts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:406:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'ctxts' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:406:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pjs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/Task.java:406:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pjs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:34:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:34:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:37:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:37:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:59:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:59:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:61:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:61:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:63:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:63:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:77:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:77:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:88:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBag.java:88:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagFactory.java:31:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagFactory.java:31:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagFactory.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localFileTaskRepository' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagFactory.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localFileTaskRepository' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagFactory.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like localFileTaskRepository
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagFactory.java:34:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like localFileTaskRepository
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:34:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:34:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:36:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:36:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:37:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:37:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastReload'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:37:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastReload'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:38:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:38:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastWrite'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:38:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastWrite'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:39:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastChange'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:39:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'lastChange'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'localRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'localRepository' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:45:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:45:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:45:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'store(ArrayList)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:45:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'store(ArrayList)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:46:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:49:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:49:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:50:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:50:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:53:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'store()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:53:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'store()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:61:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:61:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:63:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:63:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:83:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:83:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:89:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doneTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'doneTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:105:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:105:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:111:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:111:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:113:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:113:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:114:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:114:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:115:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:115:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:129:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'comparator'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:129:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'comparator'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:129:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'localTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:130:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:130:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:131:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:131:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:154:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:159:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:159:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:166:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:170:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:170:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:178:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:178:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:185:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'found' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:189:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:189:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:196:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:196:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:204:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:209:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:209:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overridePreference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overridePreference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:209:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:227:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:227:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like overridePreference
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overridePreference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overridePreference' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:255:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:255:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:255:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:256:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:259:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:259:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:259:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'includeNone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:265:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'includeNone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:267:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:267:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:267:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:268:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:268:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:271:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:271:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:280:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'includeNone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:280:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'includeNone' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:282:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:282:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:282:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:283:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'item' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:286:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:286:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:286:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:294:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:298:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:298:	CompareObjectsWithEquals:	CompareObjectsWithEquals: Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:299:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:299:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:301:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:304:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:304:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:304:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:304:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:314:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:314:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:314:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:314:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:318:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'hasChanged()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskBagImpl.java:318:	MissingOverride:	MissingOverride: The method 'hasChanged()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskPersistException.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskPersistException.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskPersistException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskPersistException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'cause' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskPersistException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TaskPersistException.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like COMPLETED_PREPENDED_DATES_PATTERN
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:32:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like COMPLETED_PREPENDED_DATES_PATTERN
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SINGLE_DATE_PATTERN
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:35:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like SINGLE_DATE_PATTERN
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SplitResult nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:47:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier:	CommentDefaultAccessModifier: To avoid mistakes add a comment at the beginning of the SplitResult nested class if you want a default access modifier
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:48:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:49:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:50:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priority' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'completed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'completed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'completedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'completedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prependedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prependedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:64:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:66:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:66:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:66:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completedMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completedMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:72:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:82:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prioritySplitResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prioritySplitResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like prioritySplitResult
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:82:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like prioritySplitResult
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completedAndPrependedDatesMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completedAndPrependedDatesMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:91:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like completedAndPrependedDatesMatcher
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:91:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like completedAndPrependedDatesMatcher
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:93:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:94:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:95:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:96:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completionDateMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:98:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'completionDateMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:98:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like completionDateMatcher
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:98:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like completionDateMatcher
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:100:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:101:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:102:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prependedDateMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prependedDateMatcher' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:106:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like prependedDateMatcher
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:106:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like prependedDateMatcher
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:107:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:108:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:109:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:113:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/TextSplitter.java:113:	AccessorClassGeneration:	AccessorClassGeneration: Avoid instantiation through private constructors from outside of the constructors class.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:5:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:8:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:9:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thresholdDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:9:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thresholdDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:11:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:11:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateFilter.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:9:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:9:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal:	ClassWithOnlyPrivateConstructorsShouldBeFinal: A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:11:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like THRESHOLD_DATE_PATTERN
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:11:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like THRESHOLD_DATE_PATTERN
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:14:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:14:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:23:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'pattern' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:33:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:33:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:33:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:33:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:34:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:35:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:39:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:40:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:41:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:41:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:41:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParser.java:41:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:3:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:3:	AbstractNaming:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:3:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'next' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:5:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'next' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:12:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:15:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/GenericSorter.java:15:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:14:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:14:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:16:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:16:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:17:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Null task passed into comparator" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 17
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:17:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "Null task passed into comparator" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 17
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:30:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:30:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:30:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:30:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:32:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:32:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:56:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:56:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:60:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:70:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:70:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:81:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:81:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:92:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:92:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:93:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:94:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:106:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:107:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:108:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'p2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:108:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like p2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:120:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:120:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:120:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:120:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:120:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:131:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:131:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:131:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:131:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:133:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:133:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException:	AvoidThrowingNullPointerException: Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:137:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:137:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:138:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:138:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:160:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:160:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:160:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:160:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:174:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:183:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:183:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:183:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:183:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:183:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:185:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:185:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:185:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:185:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:188:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:188:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:188:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:189:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:189:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:190:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:190:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:192:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:192:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:192:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'd1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'd1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'd2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:197:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'd2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:197:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:197:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:197:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:197:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:198:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'result' is never used (overwritten on lines 202, 203, 204 and 206)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:198:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'result' is never used (overwritten on lines 202, 203, 204 and 206)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:210:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/sorter/Sorters.java:210:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:25:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:25:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like priorCursorPosition
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:41:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like priorCursorPosition
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorCursorPosition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:41:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorCursorPosition' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'calculate': the method is already in a final class
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:41:	UnnecessaryModifier:	UnnecessaryModifier: Unnecessary modifier 'final' on method 'calculate': the method is already in a final class
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'priorValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:44:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:48:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/CursorPositionCalculator.java:48:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:25:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:25:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:26:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'path'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:26:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'path'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ind' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:32:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ind' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:33:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:33:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:38:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'path'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:38:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'path'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:40:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:40:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:40:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:40:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:41:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:41:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ind' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Path.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ind' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:15:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:15:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:17:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:17:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'calendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'today' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'today' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'd1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'd1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'd2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'd2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d1
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like d2
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:51:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:51:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'months' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'months' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:57:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:57:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:57:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:62:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:62:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'days' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:67:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'days' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:68:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:68:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:73:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:73:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:77:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:87:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'converted' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:88:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'converted' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/RelativeDate.java:89:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:25:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:25:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insertAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insertAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:45:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stringToInsert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stringToInsert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:48:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:48:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newText' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newText' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'postItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'postItem' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:64:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insertAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'insertAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:96:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:96:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stringToInsert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'stringToInsert' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:99:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'pos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:110:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:110:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'before' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'before' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'after' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'after' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:118:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:118:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newText' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:123:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'newText' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:132:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:132:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:142:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:142:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:142:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:154:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:154:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:154:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:155:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:155:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck:	InefficientEmptyStringCheck: String.trim().length() == 0 / String.trim().isEmpty() is an inefficient way to validate a blank String.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Strings.java:155:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:45:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:45:	UseUtilityClass:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sWindowsLineBreaks
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:50:	LongVariable:	LongVariable: Avoid excessively long variable names like sWindowsLineBreaks
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sWindowsLineBreaks'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:50:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'sWindowsLineBreaks'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:53:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:54:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:56:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:56:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:63:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:63:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:66:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:66:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:66:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:66:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:77:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:77:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:77:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:78:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'items' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:78:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:78:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:79:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:79:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:79:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:80:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:80:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:84:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:84:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:84:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:84:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'is' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'is' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:84:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:91:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:105:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'append' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'append' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:109:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'tasks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:115:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:115:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:115:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:115:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fw' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fw' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:115:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fw
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:115:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fw
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:117:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:117:	ForLoopCanBeForeach:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:118:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fileFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fileFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:129:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:129:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:134:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:137:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:137:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:137:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:137:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detector' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'detector' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:141:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/TaskIo.java:148:	ControlStatementBraces:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'parent'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'parent'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:30:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'children'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:30:	RedundantFieldInitializer:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'children'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:31:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'data' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:31:	ImmutableField:	ImmutableField: Private field 'data' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:33:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'child' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'child' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:44:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:44:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:51:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:52:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:52:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:70:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:70:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'child' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:78:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'child' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:80:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:86:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:88:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:91:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:92:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:93:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Tree.java:100:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'position' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:43:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=48, ATFD=12, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:43:	GodClass:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=48, ATFD=12, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:43:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:43:	TooManyMethods:	TooManyMethods: This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:59:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'stream'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:59:	AvoidReassigningParameters:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'stream'
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:63:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:63:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:63:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'stream' is never used
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:63:	UnusedAssignment:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'stream' is never used
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:99:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:99:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:99:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:101:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:104:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:104:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:106:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:108:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:108:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:110:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:111:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:111:	AvoidCatchingThrowable:	AvoidCatchingThrowable: A catch statement should never catch throwable since it includes errors.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:112:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:112:	AvoidPrintStackTrace:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:119:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:119:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:121:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:121:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:121:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:121:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'os' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'os' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:121:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like os
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:123:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:123:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:124:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:267:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:267:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures:	AvoidUncheckedExceptionsInSignatures: A method or constructor should not explicitly declare unchecked exceptions in its 'throws' clause
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'dest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:271:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'dir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:272:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:275:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:276:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:276:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'origFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'origFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:284:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:294:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:294:	CollapsibleIfStatements:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:302:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " to " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 302
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:302:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " to " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 302
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'newFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'origFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'origFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:308:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'overwrite' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:323:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:323:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:323:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:323:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileInputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:323:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fis' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:324:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:324:	AvoidFileStream:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:324:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:324:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileOutputStream object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:325:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileChannel object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:325:	CloseResource:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileChannel object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:325:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:325:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:325:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:325:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:326:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:329:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:329:	AvoidCatchingGenericException:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:369:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'delimiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:369:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'delimiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:369:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:369:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:369:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:369:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:370:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:370:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:370:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:370:	PrematureDeclaration:	PrematureDeclaration: Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:372:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:372:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:374:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:374:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:385:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:385:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'delimeter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'delimeter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:385:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:385:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:385:	ShortVariable:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:387:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:387:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:392:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:393:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'imgURL' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:393:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'imgURL' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:394:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:394:	ConfusingTernary:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:395:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:395:	OnlyOneReturn:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:402:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:402:	LooseCoupling:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:402:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:402:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:402:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prepend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:402:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'prepend' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:408:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integerlist' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/util/Util.java:408:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'integerlist' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:24:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:24:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:42:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:42:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:51:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:51:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:60:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:60:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:69:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:69:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:79:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:79:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:89:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ContextParserTest.java:89:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:8:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:12:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:13:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hidden' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hidden' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:14:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:14:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hidden' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hidden' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:21:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:21:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hidden' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hidden' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:28:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/HiddenParserTest.java:28:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:16:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:24:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:24:	NullAssignment:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:25:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:26:	UseDiamondOperator:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:33:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:41:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:42:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:42:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "groceries" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:49:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "groceries" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 49
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:50:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:51:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:51:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:60:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:60:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:68:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:69:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:69:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:78:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:79:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:79:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:88:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:89:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ProjectParserTest.java:89:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:12:	AtLeastOneConstructor:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:14:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:14:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale:	SimpleDateFormatNeedsLocale: When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:20:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:21:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:21:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:25:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:25:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:26:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:27:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thr' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:27:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thr' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:28:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'due' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:28:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'due' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:29:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:30:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:30:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:36:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:37:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:37:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:44:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:45:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:45:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:51:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'actual' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:52:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:52:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:56:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:56:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts:	JUnitTestContainsTooManyAsserts: Unit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:57:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:58:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'due' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:58:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'due' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:59:	LawOfDemeter:	LawOfDemeter: Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thr' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thr' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'due_expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'due_expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thr_expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'thr_expected' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:62:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:62:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:63:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/todotxt/todotxttouch/task/ThresholdDateParserTest.java:63:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
